Hi, this is Dr. K. Today we will talk about the scientific evidence of souls.
Yuri, you said you were in a coma for 13 months and you eventually woke up.
But people around you felt like you had become a different person, right?
So do you believe in the existence of the soul?
I felt like I was in a vast real desert at that time.
It's very possible that was your soul wandering between the past and the present life.
Today we'll talk about the scientific evidence of the soul.
In 2020, the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences announced the Nobel Prize winners in physics.
The moment the first winner was announced, everyone was surprised.
Many couldn't believe their ears.
The winner was Roger Penrose, a nearly 100-year-old man who had been promoting a fantastical theory
for nearly 20 years, which he called quantum soul.
Quantum soul.
In the future, if I get a chance, I will explain quantum theory to you.
In short, he believes that the soul truly exists.
In the eyes of mainstream physicists, this nearly 100-year-old man seemed a bit senile,
lamenting how a good physicist suddenly turned to mysticism.
Isn't that a big joke?
However, this highly controversial scholar was recognized by the Nobel Prize in Physics
Committee, and things started to become more intriguing.
What is the soul?
Does it truly exist in our world?
Could the quantum soul really exist?
To unravel the truth about the soul, we must start from the beginning.
Roger Penrose was a prodigy from the start.
In his early 20s, he discovered and described several mathematical theorems, hailed as a
rare mathematical genius at Oxford University.
The 1950s was the era when Einstein's theory of general relativity was popular because
research in general relativity required profound mathematical knowledge.
Penrose entered the field of physics as a mathematician, and he became close friends
with Stephen Hawking.
Penrose developed a concept singularity using mathematical methods, which is infinitely
small in volume, yet infinitely dense.
However, Hawking sensitively proposed a more dynamic view, suggesting that the universe
might have originated from a point becoming what it is today after a big bang.
Through calculations, Penrose predicted that the collapse of a massive star would form
a singularity, what we know as the center of a black hole.
Penrose also won the Nobel Prize for this remarkable achievement.
Due to Penrose's significant contributions in mathematics and physics, Queen Elizabeth
II awarded him a knighthood in 1994.
Hence, he is known as Sir Roger Penrose.
But this scientific giant published a book in 1989, The Emperor's New Mind.
