In the book, Penrose first articulated a shocking idea about the existence of the soul.
Is there really a soul?
The soul is considered a supernatural phenomenon, an intangible and invisible essence.
It's speculated that the soul can exist independently from the body and possesses the characteristics
of being indestructible.
Discussing the eternity of the soul, in essence, is discussing life and death.
Many websites have conducted similar surveys, and among 100,000 people, 63% believe in the
existence of the soul, while 37% think it's a superstition.
There are actually many ways to prove the existence of the soul, and one of the earliest
researchers was Duncan McDougall, also known as the first person to attempt to weigh the
soul.
The story goes back to April 10, 1901.
McDougall conducted a remarkable experiment to weigh the soul, starting with the hypothesis
that the soul has weight.
Like ancient legends suggest, the soul leaves the body to ascend to the sky at the moment
of death.
Thus, if one could precisely record the weight lost at the moment of death, that weight could
very likely be the weight of the soul.
It was an imaginative experiment that fascinated many.
McDougall constructed a huge, precise balance scale with an error margin of only 0.5%.
The brilliance of McDougall's invention was that it allowed a hospital bed to be placed
directly on the scale for weighing.
One day, after receiving a notification from the hospital that a volunteer who had been
pre-arranged might pass away that day, McDougall immediately set off with all his assistance
and equipment.
Unfortunately, this time, the patient had already passed away before they could get
him onto the device.
Half a year later, another volunteer was on the brink of death.
This time, unlike before, McDougall and his team had pushed the patient and the hospital
bed onto the scale a few days in advance.
Not wanting to waste any time, McDougall and his assistants lived near the hospital.
One afternoon, they received a notification from the hospital that the patient was expected
to die that day.
McDougall arrived at the designated spot in just ten minutes.
After a wait of four hours and six minutes, the patient took his last breath in the presence
of his family.
Suddenly, McDougall noticed the scale's pointer begin to move.
After 47 seconds, the pointer rapidly dropped and finally stopped at a certain value.
At that moment, McDougall witnessed the difference in weight before and after the patient's
death as 21 grams.
Obtaining such data for the first time excited McDougall.
He believed he had made a significant discovery.
Not only do humans have souls, but their weight is 21 grams.
Over the next three years, McDougall found dozens of volunteers, but his luck seemed
to have run out.
The experiments never succeeded again, either because the time of death couldn't be proven
or there were issues with the scale itself.
After three more attempts, the most significant reduction occurred when a patient's weight
dropped by 43 grams at the moment of death and then decreased by another 28 grams a few
minutes later.
Why did the weight drop in two stages?
Even McDougall himself couldn't figure out the reason.
McDougall, after several experiments, realized that using humans was not just complicated.
The presence of people around the deceased could create tension, possibly affecting the
accuracy of the experiment.
McDougall then ceased using humans and began using animals as subjects, first choosing
dogs for the experiment.
However, at the moment of the dogs' deaths, the scales pointer did not move at all.
After dozens of soul-weighing experiments on dogs, the results were all the same.
The scales pointer remained still.
Could it be that dogs do not possess souls?
After more than 10 experiments on various other animals of different sizes, the results
were still puzzling.
The New York Times also reported on McDougall's experiments.
Suddenly, the soul-weighing experiment sparked interest among many.
Although McDougall's multiple experiments failed to produce accurate and effective conclusions,
the claim of the soul weighing 21 grams spread far and wide.
For more UN videos visit www.un.org
