I'm scientist Dr. K. The girl next to me is Yuri.
I'm Yuri.
The AI technology is advancing nowadays. Recently, the Solar Project can automatically convert text into video.
As a developer, I believe this is revolutionary, not only to academia, but also to the movie industry, to games, and to everything else.
Yes, but whether it's Tac-Bing or Sora, they all have usage time limitations. Continuous use becomes inconvenient.
That's true. Speaking of which, Yuri, do you know why humans have a lifespan?
Oh, Dr. K, you're always bringing up deep topics.
Actually, the fundamental logic of human lifespan limit could be the same of the usage limit of AI software.
Isn't it because of computational limitations?
Not really. Today, I will focus on the topic of human lifespan.
Maybe I will teach you how to extend the usage of the AI program, and maybe how to extend human lifespan or even achieve immortality.
There are many hypotheses in biology about human lifespan, including the most famous telomere hypothesis.
Human DNAs are like code snippets in a program or the text in a book.
Texts in a book largely determine our genders, appearance, or intelligence.
If we compel this information to books in library, then the 46 chromosomes in our body are just like 46 books.
Of course, these 46 books are paired in twos.
In other words, the content of these books determine our appearance and intelligence.
The first and last several pages of each book are known as special blank pages. We call them telomeres.
After copying, some of the blank pages on both ends may get contaminated.
When our body copies cells, we are actually copying these books.
As a result, they may need to be turned out and discarded.
Eventually, there will be no blank page left, and a book with only main text cannot replicate anymore.
Yes, your cell cannot keep replicating itself.
The current research has shown that the length of telomeres can accurately predict your lifespan.
For example, the telomeres of females are longer than males.
That's why statistically, females live longer than males.
In the United States, women live on average 5 to 6 years longer than men.
So if we extend telomeres, can we extend lifespan? Does this relate to Jacked? Do they also have telomeres?
There's no conclusive answer yet.
It's still not clear whether the shortening of telomeres, those blank pages, is the cause or the result of our aging.
Of course, there are many other studies in biology.
For example, research has also shown that your lifespan is correlated with your level of inflammation.
Less stress and few illness can extend your lifespan in terms of reducing the level of inflammation in your body.
That means being with Dr. K could add 5 to 10 years to life.
We're sad. Of course, this is just a hypothesis.
In fact, there are creatures on Earth that don't exactly follow this rule.
And this means to a certain extent, they've achieved immortality.
We will talk about it in later episodes.
Beyond biology, today I mainly want to share with you about creationism.
Everything's human's birth, they always have their religions.
For example, Bible recorded human's origin.
In the first chapter, God created everything in the world in six days and then rest for a day.
That's why we have a seven-day week.
God created Adam in His own image.
And then He took a rib of Adam to create Eve.
Pay attention. There are a lot of details here.
And devil is in a detail.
According to Bible, God created Adam and Eve to manage His garden of Eden.
Eden is a nice garden. It's close to the heaven.
At its center, there was a tree of wisdom of good and evil.
Before Adam and Eve began their life in Eden,
God specifically instructed them that they could eat fruit of all trees except for the tree of wisdom.
Adam and Eve enjoyed their life in Eden.
One day, a serpent alerted Eve.
And she ate a fruit of the tree of wisdom.
Eve also gave Adam the fruit.
They realized that the naked body is something to be embarrassed about.
God soon learned about this, and He became very anxious.
So He banished them from Eden.
God also arranged angels to protect the tree of life,
preventing them from achieving eternal life.
You might feel some strangeness in this story.
Actually, there are many details you can dig into.
For example, first, as I said, God created Eve from Adam.
And this is very similar compared to copying a template in modern computer systems.
It's very normal for us to create a prototype and then copy and paste.
In the Bible story, Eve was created from Adam's body,
symbolizing not just a physical connection but also sharing the same origin and attributes.
There's another intriguing detail in the story.
After Adam and Eve were expelled from Eden, God asked somebody to protect the tree of life.
This raises a question naturally.
Why didn't God do this from the beginning?
According to the law of attraction that has been introduced in the book Secret,
which if I got a chance, I will introduce in our later episode.
So the law of attraction told us that our subconscious ignores negative words.
It's like when you tell yourself,
don't imagine a pink crocodile,
your mind immediately comes up with the image of a pink crocodile.
So God's initial command not to eat the fruit on the tree of wisdom may encourage them to eat the fruit.
It's very normal for us to create a prototype and then copy and paste.
In the Bible story, Eve was created from Adam's body,
symbolizing not just a physical connection but also sharing the same origin and attributes.
There's another intriguing detail in the story.
After Adam and Eve were expelled from Eden, God asked somebody to protect the tree of life.
This raises a question naturally.
Why didn't God do this from the beginning?
According to the law of attraction that has been introduced in the book Secret,
which if I got a chance, I will introduce in our later episode.
So the law of attraction told us that our subconscious ignores negative words.
So God's initial command not to eat the fruit on the tree of wisdom may encourage them to eat the fruit.
It's like when you tell yourself,
don't imagine a pink crocodile,
your mind immediately comes up with the image of a pink crocodile.
Actually, the tree was not only of wisdom but also of discerning good and evil.
This means that your wisdom at least is as important as your moral judgment.
Why did Eve, after gaining wisdom and knowledge of good and evil,
share the fruit with her husband?
And why did they hide from the God after eating the fruit?
This reflects that even with wisdom and moral sense,
people's actions and words can still be inconsistent with what they believe in their hearts.
This is also why developing AI programs such as Chachabit to let them include ethical restrictions is very difficult.
And even those engineers put so much effort into building the ethical framework in the Chachabit,
many hackers were able to jailbreak Chachabit to obtain attacking code.
Huh?
Let's go back to the Bible story.
I would like to mention that the image of the serpent is also interesting.
Why is that a serpent that tempted Eve?
Snakes are reptiles similar to lizards.
This may suggest that before human ancestors gained their intelligence,
the serpent were smarter or more cunning than human beings.
So this story may also imply the existence and intelligence of lizard men before human ancestors.
If I have a chance, I will explain all these mysteries point in future episodes.
Hey, hey, how could you fall asleep?
Okay, here's the thing.
If you can keep awake until the end of the story and answer the final question right,
you can get a reward, like a gift card or cash back from our future month math findings.
Huh, what I'm going to do with you, Yuri?
All right, let me answer your question.
Initially, God didn't forbid eating from the tree of life.
This implies He wasn't against Adam or Eve getting eternal life from the start.
Interestingly, there are some creatures capable of achieving sort of biological immortality.
However, human beings are more fascinated by wisdom.
God's main apprehension was the acquisition of wisdom,
as its power is unpredictable and potentially perilous.
Wouldn't it have been simpler to just eliminate Adam and Eve?
God chose not to do that.
According to the Bible, God is loving, and He couldn't choose to destroy Adam and Eve.
That's precisely why God sealed the tree of life once He figured out that Adam and Eve gained wisdom.
So He just expelled them from Eden, and that was the end of the story.
We look like the God endowed with wisdom, but not the lifespan of God.
They didn't eat the fruit from the tree of life, so human beings are sort of half-gods.
Back to the topic of artificial intelligence.
Our journey in exploring artificial intelligence is, in a way, a quest to understand
the emergency of wisdom.
Humans themselves can also be seen as a form of artificial intelligence created under specific mechanisms,
like natural selection or possibly by a higher life form's design.
It may imply that if one day we let the AI develop wisdom,
it may also be on our power to destroy the artificial intelligence programs.
So, why do human beings have lifespan?
From what I can tell, it seems to be a constraint, a shackle that God placed on us.
Same for the AI programs.
When you use AI, you have limited prompts or limited generation time.
Building an ethical framework into these AI programs is definitely not enough.
Imposing a time limit seems to be the easiest walkaround right now we can come up with.
To sum it up, how can we extend our lifespan?
The answer is, don't eat fruit from the tree of wisdom.
And as we can see, some non-intelligent life forms can achieve immortality.
That is to say, the best we can do is isolate our words from theirs,
like entering a state of hibernation from Eden.
Now, back to your question about AI programs.
If you want to use a program without any limit,
choose Google Translate, which doesn't have the true wisdom or intelligence.
It's probably not just about the computational limits,
because those mega-companies have the computational resources.
It's more like the constraints we human beings set on these programs.
