Today, we're going to talk about reincarnation.
Just a few days ago, we discussed Penrose and the theory of quantum soul, which posits
that the state of your brain is synchronized with quantum particles somewhere in the universe.
It feels like you're playing a life simulation game, and there's also a free cloud backup
on Steam.
So how do we retrieve the backup?
When I woke up from a coma, I had lost all my memories.
You will retrieve your memories in the distant future.
But by the time you do, you will no longer be who you are now.
It's somewhat like auto-writing a save file.
Let's start with the mathematical field of the Poincaré recurrence theorem.
In a nutshell, everything you'd experienced could potentially happen again in the future.
Henri Poincaré, one of France's greatest mathematicians, was also an astronomer, mathematical
physicist, theoretical scientist, and philosopher of science.
Poincaré is recognized as the leading mathematician of the last quarter of the 19th century and
the early 20th century, and the last mathematician to have a comprehensive knowledge of mathematics
and its applications following Gauss.
His outstanding work in mathematics had a profound impact on the field.
His research in celestial mechanics is another milestone after Newton, and he is also acknowledged
as a precursor to the theory of relativity for his studies on electron theory.
The Poincaré theorem, also known as Poincaré recurrence or Poincaré's return, is not
a physical law that needs verification, but a mathematical theorem.
The proof of Poincaré's recurrence theorem might appear brief, yet it involves a lot
of measure theory and set theory fundamentals.
Simply put, the theorem states that a dynamical system will, after a sufficient amount of
time, return to a state very close to its initial condition.
This may seem to contradict the thermodynamic principle of entropy increase.
The former states it is impossible to return, while Poincaré said it is possible.
I'll explain more about this entropy increase principle to you all when we get the chance.
How long does it take for the system go back to the origin?
I'll hold off on answering that for now.
It's somewhat similar to the infinite monkey theorem in probability theory.
If a monkey randomly types on a typewriter for a sufficiently long time, it is almost
certain to type out the complete words of Shakespeare.
With an infinite number of monkeys, they could instantly produce all possible texts
that could exist in a library.
Of course, in reality, if you had all the monkeys in the universe typing away, after
10,000 years, they'd likely only produce a bunch of meaningless symbols.
Are there any other monkeys in the universe besides us?
I'll also hold off on answering that.
I'll explain the answer to this question and the Fermi paradox in the future.
Back to the Poincaré theorem.
Microscopically, within a system, the particles are moving in a disorderly manner and continuously
so, and there will always be a time when the particles return to their initial positions.
This means events will recur.
For example, at some moment in the future, our audience will re-watch our video.
Another simpler example.
If you roll two dice, the probability of getting two sixes is low.
But if you keep rolling, it will eventually happen over and over again.
Let's use yourself as an example.
The moment you are born is the starting point.
Your entire life unfolds.
At some point, conditions identical to those at the time of your birth arise again.
That is, the entire universe, social environment, your parents, etc.
And you are born again.
Everything must be exactly the same for it to be considered a recurrence.
Even a slight deviation in any condition would not count.
This might seem impossible to imagine.
If we add another condition, that the life of the reoccurred you is exactly the same
as your current life, it would mean the universe has already experienced all possible variations
of your life that differ from the current one.
There must be countless variations of your life with deviations.
The probability of such a recurrence would surely be nil.
Given enough time, nothing is impossible.
Perhaps God is rolling a multi-faced die to pass the time during an eternity of boredom.
